so I am probably in Tokyo right now but
I didn't want to skip a week without
stacked because i miss it when it's not
here so this is stacked episode 31 and
i'm gonna be talking about three trades
that I really enjoy first step we've got
fables legends in exile number one and
then we've got Aquaman freaking Geoff
Johns just kill it in the trench vol 1
and then we've got another of my
favorites which is called Johnny wander
vol 1 here we go
okay so if you are into any of the
fairytale reimagining like once upon a
time anything like that you definitely
are going to enjoy fables from Bill
Willingham because this is kind of what
started the whole thing he takes
characters that we know and love and
really puts them in a totally different
light so we get to see snow white
running this world of fairy tale
characters who are now living in New
York City and keeping their identities
from Fabletown hidden any of their
powers that they have this issue was a
collection of five the first five issues
but it starts off with Beauty and the
Beast kind of talking with snow about
their marriage issues and working
through that sort of thing which is just
really fun to see and then from there we
get to see the big bad wolf also known
as bigby wolf who's the sheriff and he's
working out a very gruesome murder that
has some connection to Snow White and we
get to see him go through a bunch of
different characters that you might
recognize along the way to find out what
their connection to Rose Reds death
might actually be so this one was just
really fun for me and as you're reading
it you're seeing all these characters
and you get really excited to see who
you're gonna run into next so the first
five issues this is a collection of
those we get to see through the whole
the whole solving of this murder maybe
possibly but it's definitely a grittier
much darker version of the fairy tales
that we know and love this is not disney
so if you're looking for that you might
not want to read this but if you are
looking for a reimagining this one is
absolutely fantastic okay so one
question that I get asked a lot is what
is a good Aquaman story and I've got to
say when I get asked it anymore the only
thing I think of is Geoff Johns line
that he's doing the trench vol.1 it is
so fantastic Ivan raised as the artwork
and it really gives you a good a good
connection with this character because
you get to see how he feels like an
outsider but they don't shy away from
the humor of Aquaman either so
you get to see him in some pretty
awkward situations where you know he
helps to save the city in the cops are
like do you need some water because
you're not like in ocean r ug hydrated I
mean you live in the water right and
then you get to see and be like you know
what I'm just gonna be a normal guy I'm
gonna go get some food after I just
saved the whole city and he goes ahead
and ordered fish and chips and I
completely gasped out loud along with
all the other characters in the book and
then I start laughing at myself that I'm
gasping out loud because this is really
you're like he can't order fish and
chips he talks to fish oh there's a lot
of that in this series which is so good
he diff deals with a villain in this one
that is a villain that he and Merritt
joined together to fight and it's a
villain that they don't know anything
about so it's cool getting to see them
learn about this villain and it's really
scary they're really gory uh and there's
some moment where which ice again they
don't shy away from the humor the
villain comes out and at one point
they're like they go into this whole
seagull my mind my mind or an orange
lantern mind my mind kind of food thing
which I started laughing and i'm sure
you guys will as well but if you're
looking for a story that's going to make
you connect more to the king of Atlantis
this is definitely a good one to pick up
there's three trades out right now so go
pick up the trench and then get the
other two as well because they're all
freaking amazing so this is Johnny
wander vol.1 you guys know that I like
to giggle this is one that I completely
giggles through the whole time this is
turning into like comics that I find
really funny we went from Aquaman to
this but this is a collection of one
page comics black and white that are
posted by weekly online and it's about
just little moments from the author's
lives they are such sweet moments it
could be anything from you know an
inside joke between friends and they
somehow make you feel a part of the
inside joke you just feel like these are
your friends and the moments are so
amazing it could be anything like I said
from a heartwarming moment to a random
recipe and how they came up with the
recipe and it's just a really
interesting way to tell stories it
reminded me a bit of you know Norman
Rockwell slice of life
but a much more current a current vibe
on that so if you're looking for
something that's just going to make you
laugh this is a great one to pick up and
in the back of it they have some more
information about how they came up with
a series and how they posted things
online so i don't know maybe if your
think about doing little one offs about
funny stuff that happen with you and
your friends this would be a great place
to look i know that i would think my
life is funny enough to be in the comic
but it's probably not so if your life is
not quite funny enough but you want to
read about someone else's life who is go
check out Johnny wander alright so
that's it for this edition of stacked I
am Tiffany Smith make sure you guys are
checking me out on the twitter at
Tiffany's tweets at schmoes know every
Thursday on the toad hop network from
eight to ten p.m. make sure you're
taking out DC all access every Tuesday
we're talking about everything from DC
Comics TV shows movies anything you
could possibly imagine in the dcu Oh
video games too yeah that's been pretty
fun so yeah that's it for episode 31 of
stacked I'm Tiffany Smith and I will see
you later play yours bah oh I want to
put my head up ready bakudan that was my
harley quinn impression was really bad
Oh